HPL updates (#57)
NatLabRockies/ESIFHPC4: HPL/README.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Copy a make file under the setup directory: `$ cp setup/Make.<arch> .`.
```

## Licensing Requirements

Netlib HPL is licensed per the COPYRIGHT notice in the hpl-2.3 folder.

## Build methods
HPL can be obtained in a number of ways.  These include:
* Using open source compilers and libraries and "configure"
* Using predefined make include files, or edits of such
* Downloading optimized binaries or containers

## Example build instructions using all open source components

> We assume we have gcc, openmpi, and openblas compiled against these two and we have modules for each. We then:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We assume we have gcc and openmpi available as modules, with openblas compiled against both. We then:
```

## How to run

To execute xhpl on CPUs, MPI with or without OpenMP support is required. The required input is number of nodes, total number of MPI ranks, total number of ranks per node and total number of OpenMP threads per MPI rank. For example, with Slurm, benchmark results can be obtained with: `srun -N <number of nodes> -n <total number of ranks> -c < number of cpus per task> ./xhpl`.  

To run xhpl on GPUs, you need GPU-Aware MPI with or without OpenMP support for an optimal performance. The required input is number of nodes, total number of MPI ranks, total number of ranks per node, total number of OpenMP threads per MPI rank, and total number of GPUs per node. For example, with Slurm, benchmark results can be obtained with: `srun -N <number of nodes> -n <total number of ranks> --cpus-per-task=< number of CPUs per task> --gpus-per-node=<total number of GPUs per node> ./xhpl`. 

### Tests

Testing will include single-node and multi-node configurations.

**CPU-only tests:**

> For CPU-only nodes, the following scaling series from 1, 2, 4, 8, 16, 32 64 nodes should be submitted as part of the baseline results:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For CPU-only nodes, the following scaling series from 1, 2, 4, 8, 16, 32, and 64 nodes should be submitted as part of the baseline results:
```

- One CPU core per MPI task, with at least 80% of CPU cores per node utilized
    
Optimized CPU-only submissions may use any binding scheme, number of MPI tasks, number of threads, etc.

**Accelerator-based tests:**
For accelerated nodes, the following two scaling series should be submitted as part of the baseline results:
- 1, 2, 4, 8, 16, 32, and 64 nodes, utilizing all devices, with one CPU core per MPI task

> - A single-node scaling series of 1, 2, 4, 8, ..., up to all the devices available on the node, with one CPU core per MPI task

Reviewer: Is this only desired if there are not 64 nodes available on the test system? Or do we want submitters to freely choose between one of these scaling series?

## Run Rules

- The problem size must fit at least 80% of aggregate memory
- Publicly available, optimized HPL versions or binaries are permitted for baseline submissions.

> - FP64 must be used for all baseline results. Precision must be reported for both baseline and optimized results.

Reviewer: Should we restate this here for CPU-only tests?

"One CPU core per MPI task, with at least 80% of CPU cores per node utilized"
